so I come over do you mmm
it's me living here today and I'm going
to be showing you how to create this
look and I have been requested
a lot lot lot to do this so I thought
why not it's quick and easy and simple
and it's when I wore my gold hoop
earrings and I had that tribal skirt the
tribal prints kept from Urban Outfitters
and it's on my tumblr if you want to
look at them and your hand seen them and
like how I wore this scarf and stuff and
it's great when you want to have like
snoods and scarves around your neck
it's really comfortable oh this is a
blue scarf so if you want to have like
something like this acceptable to wear
this blue with this blue is just don't
I'm not bailing them together but they
do go umm but yeah so if you want to
know how I created this scarf but keep
watching
alright so what you wanna do is you want
to get your scarf one and find the
middle I seem to say that I got when I
do my tutorials find the middle and fold
in you don't well you can fold in
however much you want
sorry the scarf is really-really creased
and I look like a ghost
so just that much and then depends how
much fold you want now what you do is
you place it in your head like that and
just make sure it doesn't really have to
be even hold on just as long as those
side on your left so the left side has
to be shorter but yeah it has to be sure
- now what you do is you just
do this okay and then you just it has to
be like that and diagonally find the
thing and then you just pin it there
just so that it doesn't move like so
okay
and I had my cap further further back
but this is fine and then you just do
that and you flip it over no you get
this
and you sort it out but this is really
creased so the folds are coming not for
me I'm their new just bring it over like
that and then you sort it out and for
now what you do is you put this bit is
you do put it up like that and you just
pin it but don't worry about it showing
through anything because you're gonna
hide it but this bit so you get this bit
and I'm trying to figure out yeah this
bits gonna be you need to just play
around with it and get it right so that
this side is longer than that side so
it's like that then you get that fold
fold fold
I'm not fold like gather kind of thing
then you bring it over and you you put
it really wherever you want to I had
mined a little bit more diagonally and
stuff and see when you put it here you
hide the other side and then you just
get your PIN I'm using one up then you
pin it
and this is a little tip so you pin one
pin like can you see so you put pin one
pin like that and then you get another
pin and you pin it like that if you get
what I mean I hope you guys get what I
mean let me show you I'll do like a
little demo like you put one pin like
this and then you get the other pin and
you pin it like that and if you do that
so it just it will never move I've been
doing it and it's never moved but make
sure you use a kind of a long pin or you
put it in like a couple of times because
putting it in once is it enough and
using a long pin and doing it like a
couple of times it's so much better so
there you guys have it and then I did I
have this bit I think I had this bit
hanging but you couldn't see yeah
because I had a scarf around my neck as
well so just like that and then I had
I'm not gonna put them on but I've got
hoop earrings.they like a pound for pack
off one too like a five but they're so
annoying because the way you the way you
open and close it just takes forever but
I'll just show you I just had my hoop it
was like that and this is my cherry I'm
a bit Arab look so much of it Arab
because that's how they that's just what
they do and I think it's quite cool I'm
really really really feeling the cherry
on block and I filled in my eyebrows so
I look in war room yep I hope you guys
enjoyed it and NASA now